# Introduction

An introduction. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed
do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim
veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

## Web-Application-Messaging-Protocol (WAMP)

The Web-Application-Messaging-Protocol (WAMP) is a web-socket subprotocol built on top of modern web technologies. It implements a publish and subscribe messaging pattern as well as routed remote procedure calls (RPCs). This enables application developers to use a unified interconnect between application components for two different messaging patterns. The protocol is often used in micro-service environments where one application is a minimalistic service for a single responsibility. A distributed application can be created by interconnecting the micro-services. By building on top of web-sockets this enabled web pages inside the web browser to participate as part of the micro-service infrastructure. This makes it considerably easier for a web-page to communicate with the backend in realtime.

# Existing solutions

Comparison to existing solutions.

# Method

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod
tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At
vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren,
no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod
tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At
vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren,
no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.

## Footnotes

Example of footnote^[A footnote example]. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur
adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna
aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi
ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in
voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint
occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim
id est laborum.

## Cites

Zotero + Better BibTex. All cites are on the file bibliography.bib. This is
a cite[@djangoproject_models_2016].

# Evaluation

This is some random text.

# Conclusion

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod
tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At
vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren,
no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.

# Future Work

Some more random text.

# References

